fix: update addVitePlugin plugin type to PluginOption (#84)
florian-lefebvre/astro-integration-kit: .changeset/violet-sloths-add.md

---
"astro-integration-kit": patch
---

> Change `Plugin` type to `PluginOption` type so that the VitePlugin can be added correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updates `addVitePlugin` plugin type from `Plugin` to `PluginOption` to align with vite's configuration.
```
